<h2>The Leak</h2><p>On March 26, 2026, a CMS misconfiguration at Anthropic
exposed roughly 3,000 unpublished blog assets — including a draft
post describing Claude Mythos, a new model tier above Opus.
Security researchers Roy Paz (LayerX) and Alexandre Pauwels (Cambridge) found
the exposed data store. Fortune broke the story.</p><h2>What Is Capybara?</h2><p>Capybara
is Anthropic's new fourth model tier, positioned above Opus. Claude
Mythos is the first model in this tier. Anthropic calls
it "a step change" and "the most capable we've built
to date," with dramatically higher scores in coding, reasoning, and
cybersecurity.</p><h2>Cybersecurity Concerns</h2><p>The draft warns Mythos is "far ahead of any
other AI model in cyber capabilities" — able to find
and exploit software vulnerabilities at machine speed. This triggered a
major cybersecurity stock selloff: CrowdStrike -7%, Palo Alto Networks -6%,
Tenable -11%, Zscaler -4.5%.</p><h2>IPO Plans</h2><p>Bloomberg reported the same day that
Anthropic is targeting an October 2026 IPO, potentially raising 0B+.
The company is valued at ~80B after a 0B February
funding round, running at 4B annualized revenue. The timing has
fueled skepticism about whether the leak was truly accidental.</p><h2>Open Questions</h2><p>When
will Mythos be available via API? What will pricing look
like? Will cybersecurity concerns trigger regulation? And was this leak
intentional pre-IPO marketing?</p>